Digitalization and AI help us speed up
the development of process technologies.
By modelling the processes, we can get more information
and understanding during process development.
Utilising AI and digital twins
helps us reduce the risks, –
time and money spent in traditional
steps of process development.
With process design and feasibility studies,
computational fluid dynamics, –
hybrid simulation and modelling, new
bioprocesses can be upscaled –
and made commercially viable
faster than ever before.
In the future, AI offers a whole new
potential to chemical engineering.
More automated research
process means more –
and new types of information at
same amount of time and resources –
and removes the boundaries
of traditional experimental R&D.
This opens the way for
finding entirely new solutions .